[Tidy; Docs] Remove kedro _get_dataset call; enhance kedro docs (#1014)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/kedro-data-catalog.md

# How to integrate Vizro with the Kedro Data Catalog

> This page describes how to integrate Vizro with [Kedro](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/index.html), an open-source Python framework to create reproducible, maintainable, and modular data science code. For Pandas datasets registered in a [Kedro Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html), Vizro provides a convenient way to visualize them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to integrate Vizro with [Kedro](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/index.html), an open-source Python framework to create reproducible, maintainable, and modular data science code. Vizro provides a convenient way to visualize Pandas datasets registered in a [Kedro Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html).
```

> Even if you do not have a Kedro project, you can still [use a Kedro Data Catalog](#create-a-kedro-data-catalog) to manage your dashboard's data sources.

Reviewer 2: I find this super nice. :100: 

I wonder how hard it is to do if you also want to use credentials (e.g. to access data on s3 buckets)

Author: Yeah, my first draft actually included credentials as well but then I decided not to include it, but maybe I should do so. Basically the simplest approach would be to do this:
```
catalog_yaml = yaml.safe_load(Path("catalog.yaml").read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
credentials_yaml = yaml.safe_load(Path("catalog.yaml").read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
DataCatalog.from_config(catalog_yaml, credentials_yaml)
```

The more advanced kedro way to do it is to use `ConfigLoader` rather than just loading with `yaml.safe_load`, [like in this example](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/configuration/configuration_basics.html#how-to-load-a-data-catalog-with-credentials-in-code). But my feeling is that not many vizro users would want to do that - either you don't have a kedro project, in which case using a config loader with different run environments etc. is overkill, or you already have a kedro project, in which case you're not trying to manually load the catalog from file anyway (you use `catalog_from_project` instead).

But just now I actually noticed you can use `OmegaConfigLoader` without need the whole `conf` structure, so maybe that's a better way to do it 🤔 https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/configuration/advanced_configuration.html#advanced-configuration-without-a-full-kedro-project

Reviewer 2: `OmegaConfigLoader` makes very neat!

Author: Done in [ef6db1c](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1014/commits/ef6db1cf6f28bb075314ae82d4f7ca7d6e044dce)!

pip install vizro[kedro]
```

Vizro is currently compatible with `kedro>=0.19.0` and works with dataset factories for `kedro>=0.19.9`.

## Create a Kedro Data Catalog

> You can create a [Kedro Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html) to be a YAML registry of your dashboard's data sources. If you have a Kedro project then you will already have this file; if you would like to use the Kedro Data Catalog outside a Kedro project then you need to create it. In this case, you should save your `catalog.yaml` file to the same directory as your `app.py`.

Reviewer: I feel like we should have more instructions on what it means to create it (either a link to instructions or just say explicitly that you need to create a yaml file and where to put it, if the instructions for writing it are below).

The Kedro Data Catalog separates configuration of your data sources from your app's code. Here is an example `catalog.yaml` file that illustrates some of the features of the Kedro Data Catalog.

```yaml
cars:  # (1)!
  type: pandas.CSVDataset  # (2)!
  filepath: cars.csv

motorbikes:
  type: pandas.CSVDataset
  filepath: s3://your_bucket/data/motorbikes.csv   # (3)!
  load_args:   # (4)!
    sep: ','
    na_values: [NA]

trains:
  type: pandas.ExcelDataset
  filepath: trains.xlsx
  load_args:
    sheet_name: [Sheet1, Sheet2, Sheet3]

trucks:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataset
  filepath: trucks.parquet
  load_args:
    columns: [name, gear, disp, wt]
    categories: list
    index: name
```

1. The [minimum details needed](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html#the-basics-of-catalog-yml) for a Kedro Data Catalog entry are the data source name (`cars`), the type of data (`type`), and the file's location (`filepath`).
1. Vizro supports all [`kedro_datasets.pandas`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_datasets.html) datasets. This includes, for example, CSV, Excel and Parquet files.

> 1. Kedro supports a [variety of data stores](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html#dataset-filepath) including local file systems, network file systems and cloud object store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Kedro supports a [variety of data stores](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html#dataset-filepath) including local file systems, network file systems and cloud object stores.
```

1. You can [pass data loading arguments](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html#load-save-and-filesystem-arguments) to specify how to load the data source.

For more details, refer to Kedro's [introduction to the Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html) and their [collection of YAML examples](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog_yaml_examples.html).

## Use datasets from the Kedro Data Catalog

> Vizro provides functions to help generate and process a [Kedro Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html) in the module `vizro.integrations.kedro`. This supports both the original [`DataCatalog`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html) and the more recently introduced [`KedroDataCatalog`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html#kedrodatacatalog-experimental-feature). Given a Kedro `catalog`, the general pattern to add datasets to the Vizro data manager is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vizro provides functions to help generate and process a [Kedro Data Catalog](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html) in the module `vizro.integrations.kedro`. The module supports both the original [`DataCatalog`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html) and the more recently introduced [`KedroDataCatalog`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/data/index.html#kedrodatacatalog-experimental-feature). Given a Kedro `catalog`, the general pattern to add datasets to the Vizro data manager is:
```

```python
from vizro.integrations import kedro as kedro_integration
from vizro.managers import data_manager

for dataset_name, dataset_loader in kedro_integration.datasets_from_catalog(catalog).items():
    data_manager[dataset_name] = dataset_loader
```

> This registers in the Vizro `data_manager` all data sources of type [`kedro_datasets.pandas`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_datasets.html) from the Kedro `catalog`. You can now [reference the data source](data.md#reference-by-name) by name. For example, given the [above `catalog.yaml` file](#create-a-kedro-data-catalog), you could use the data source names `"cars"`, `"motorbikes"`, `"trains"` and `"trucks"`, for example with `px.scatter("cars", ...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above registers all data sources of type [`kedro_datasets.pandas`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro_datasets.html) from the Kedro `catalog` with Vizro's `data_manager` . You can now [reference the data source](data.md#reference-by-name) by name. For example, given the [above `catalog.yaml` file](#create-a-kedro-data-catalog), you could use the data source names `"cars"`, `"motorbikes"`, `"trains"`, and `"trucks"` with `px.scatter("cars", ...)`.
```

!!! note

>     Data sources imported from Kedro in this way are [dynamic data](data.md#dynamic-data). This means that the data can be refreshed while your dashboard is running. For example, if you execute a Kedro pipeline run then the latest data can be shown in your dashboard without restarting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Data sources imported from Kedro in this way are [dynamic data](data.md#dynamic-data). This means that the data can be refreshed while your dashboard is running. For example, if you run a Kedro pipeline, the latest data is shown in the Vizro dashboard without restarting it.
```

!!! note
   
    Data sources imported from Kedro in this way are [dynamic data](data.md#dynamic-data). This means that the data can be refreshed while your dashboard is running. For example, if you execute a Kedro pipeline run then the latest data can be shown in your dashboard without restarting it.

The `catalog` variable may have been created in a number of different ways:

1. Data Catalog configuration file (`catalog.yaml`), [created as described above](#create-a-kedro-data-catalog). This generates a `catalog` variable independently of a Kedro project using [`DataCatalog.from_config`](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/kedro.io.DataCatalog.html#kedro.io.DataCatalog.from_config).
1. Kedro project path. Vizro exposes a helper function `catalog_from_project` to generate a `catalog` given the path to a Kedro project.
1. [Kedro Jupyter session](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.html). This automatically exposes `catalog`.

The full code for these different cases is given below.

!!! example "Import a Kedro Data Catalog into the Vizro data manager"

>     === "app.py (Data Catalog configuration file)"

Author: This is just switching the order of examples to match the new above ordering, no code changes.
